we can hear from while ALU now let's
have a listen to what he has to say he
is the best disposer of Affairs this is
our choice this is our faith and we must
accept our Fai no matter what happens
because our ultimate hope is that Allah
be satisfied with us and that Allah
views us as patient
people this is the fate and this is the
choice of all the people here on this
land as you can see people in droves are
saying goodbye to their loved ones and
to their children every day every hour
and every
second and me just like all of these
people I am bidding farewell today what
else can I
say Allah the almighty may Allah the
almighty give us strength give us
Comfort give us
patience may Allah the almighty give us
the strength to carry on for the sake of
Hamza and for the sake of all the
martyrs and to Hamza and to all the
martyrs I say we will remain
faithful this is the road that we've
chosen consciously we have offered much
and we have offered a lot of blood
because this is our destiny and we shall
continue we shall move forward this is
the great challenge for us it is true
that we feel sorrow it is true that we
are experiencing suffering it is true
that we are in
pain for like I said there is nothing
harder than the pain of
losing so
so what can you say when you've lost a
child Hamza was not a part of me Hamza
was all of me he was the soul of my
soul he was everything to
me
but when we feel sorrow we remember that
the prophet peace be upon him also felt
sorrow and also shed tears these are the
tears of Sorrow these are the tears of
farewell and are the tears that
distinguish us from our enemies we are
full of humanity and they are full of
murder they are full of Rage for that
reason we cry we mourn we shed tears yes
however our tears are tears of
humanity they are the tears of
dignity and they are not the tears of
fear
they are not the tears of Terror they
are not the tears of surrender and
defeat and this makes me say
today that we will
continue we are still working live on
air and we are not ashamed of anything
my son Hamza was working with me he was
working with us as part of the AL jaaz
crew and I started working before Hamza
was
born and until today I have been working
on this mission for over two decades
working on this humanitarian mission
after my family and after Hamza we will
definitely continue we will
continue however the entire world must
take a look at what is going on here in
the Gaza Strip what is going on is
difficult it is painful it is massive
and there is great Injustice here for an
AR people for the civilian people who
live
here what is happening holds great
Injustice for us as
journalists it was
said in the past that the freedom of
opinion and the freedom of expression
and the work that journalists do and
obtaining information
photos and footage in order for the
deserving audience to view
them it was said that our job was
guaranteed by international law and
humanitarian law however
107 journalists have fallen their blood
has been spilled on this land as if no
one heard about what was said as if no
one was seeing what is happening here I
call upon the entire world to put an end
to all this killing that is taking
journalists one after the other I hope
that the blood of my son Hamza will be
the last Blood spilled by journalist and
the lad's blood to be spilled here by
anyone in the Gaza Strip I hope that
this
massacre will come to an end however no
matter what the cost we will continue
this is a humanitarian mission that is
guaranteed by international law and this
is our a duty that we will do and
continue Until the End Abu Hamza may
Allah Grant you patience allow me please
to kiss your forehead not for the
cameras not for anything else you
deserve
more allow me to kiss your forehead may
Allah have mercy on Ham's soul and on
everybody's
souls